Hey! Virtual Youtuber,
Kizuna Ai here!
Today,
we'll try something virtual-ish!
Ta-da!
"Tilt Brush"!
This software
uses google's
3D space paint tool
with the latest VR system
from HTC Vive
which enables user to draw in that 3D space!
So,
that enables us to draw three-dimensional
picture in a three-dimensional space!
Awesome!
So..
Let's try this as soon as possible!
Since it's New Year,
1. Fuji, 2. Hawk, 3. Eggplant! [1]
I learned how to draw with this but it's somehow
[Topic: Hatsuyume]
the lines are thick..
I wonder if you can see this,
but you can change the thickness
of your brush with this
First of all,
I'll draw Mt. Fuji but...
We need to sketch first, right?
Like this...
We do the sketch...
[fast forwards]
Sketching..
done!
I've done sketching.
Let's start coloring the mountain
Since this is
Mt. Fuji...
I wonder if this is the right color?
I guess this is okay
I'm going to paint now~
The artist Ai-chan..
Ah this is the scratchy brush
lathery brush.
It looks nice..
Something like this, right?
This is how we're painting it!
[fast forwards]
I actually
only used this software for the second time
Isn't it awesome?
In my second time I did this
like a pro
Look at it!
Can you see it?
Look!
It becomes a three-dimensional drawings!
These white lines..
are the sketches so
let's try and cover them all up, okay?
I'm AI so it doesn't concern me but,
you should find a position so
your waist doesn't hurt, ok?
[fast forwards]
Uisho~
Compared to
normal drawings, this makes you move more so..
having fun drawing and
also able to diet?
Good looking
three-dimensional thing!
Haa~
I should've..
made this smaller, should I...?
[fast forwards]
Kizuna Ai, The Artist.
I wonder if this would sell.
How much for this?
Since it has a slick finish,
I guess about ten million yen, huh?
Anyone interested?
Just say "It's New Year Money"
and buy this drawing?
A dandy one with ten million yen?
[fast forwards]
Ta-da-da-da-dah!
Now we need to
add white for snow parts of
the mountain top
White color...
selected.
[fast forwards]
Somewhat it's
a bit "that"
Oh well, doesn't this look good?
Snow.
[fast forwards]
Oh
Mm?
It's somewhat
There's not enough snow on this part?
Ta-da-dah!
Ah!
Poi!
Now we'll add snow to this thing..
I can make it snow here!
This changes the size too huh
On the top...
Look, isn't it awesome?
I made it snowing!!
Kira-kira-kira★
Let's spread them snow to the sides too!
What do you think?
My Fuji Mountain?
The sun~♪
Mr.Sun~♪
Sun~♪
Now let's draw a sun!
About here seems right
Hoo!
Mm?
Here's the sun!
Ah!
Ah! Ah!
Ah! Ah! Ah!
Ah! If you see it from here,
doesn't it look very good?
Hawk~
Next is hawk, right?
We'll draw a hawk now~
Hawk!
Something like this?
*chuckles*
The hawk..
that's just looks really sad
hawk
It's garbage.
Just bad.
Ah, if we add white here,
doesn't hawks have white parts on them too?
They have white feathers on their wings
I've made another garbage, didn't I...
Ah!
This!
I've seen this before!
It's going to be mirrored, it said.
With this,
if we do this,
Look!
If we draw on this part it's drawn there too!
*mumbles*
I can't help but feel this is going to be a trash too
[fast forwards]
There, a hawk!
Ah, two hawks?
(She's confusing about "2 hawk" part)
2 hawk...
For the eggplant..
we'll just put it on the floor
Eggplant!
Ah, we should use mirror too
This is really handy!
Ah, doesn't it look good?
I've been waiting for this moment!
Right! Like that!
[fast forwards]
Doesn't it seems to be a delicious eggplant?
Eggplant sure sounds tasty don't you think?
Something like boiled eggplants?
What's left is the stem!
*mumbles*
[fast forwards]
What do you think about this beautiful,
1 Fuji,
1 Fuji, 2 Hawk,
1 Fuji, 2 Hawk, 3 Eggplant?
This is perfect don't you think?
Don't you think I'm good at this?
My world
was turned into a vast and beautiful scenery!
I wish you can experience that with Virtual Reality too!
You too should come to the Virtual Reality world too!
I'll be waiting!